= drbservice

* https://bitbucket.org/ged/drbservice

== Description

DRbService is a framework we use at LAIKA for creating authenticated
SSL-encrypted DRb services that provide access to privileged operations
without the need to give shell access to everyone.

There are a few examples in the `examples/` directory of the gem, which
are stripped-down versions of the services we actually use.

The current implementation is kind of a hack, but I intend to 
eventually finish a DRb protocol that does the same thing in a more
elegant, less-hackish way, as well as a tool that can generate 
a new service along with support files for one of several different 
runtime environments.

If you're curious, see the `drb/authsslprotocol.rb` file for the 
protocol. This will replace the current method-hiding code in 
`drbservice.rb`, but existing services should be able to switch over
quite easily. Or that's the intention.


== Installation

    gem install drbservice


== Contributing

You can check out the current development source with Mercurial via its
{Bitbucket project}[https://bitbucket.org/ged/drbservice]. Or if you prefer Git, via 
{its Github mirror}[https://github.com/ged/drbservice].

After checking out the source, run:

    $ rake newb

This task will install any missing dependencies, run the tests/specs,
and generate the API documentation.


== License

Copyright (c) 2010, 2011, Michael Granger
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
  this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
  this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
  and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

* Neither the name of the author/s, nor the names of the project's
  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
  software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

